So now you have two more of these.
Can you guys go ahead and mark those up?
Okay, so can we take like five minutes?
Okay, what I would recommend
is just to copy the figure and
then make your changes Okay,
so hopefully, you were able to set up the
other figures with the other information.
I did make a mistake in
the ARIA item that I have here.
And so aria-label="hidden" is nothing,
this should be aria-hidden="true".
My apologies for that everybody has
things that they have to look up, and
I am not an expert on
the ARIA properties here.
So this is aria-hidden="true".
So we'll just fix those real quick.
Okay, and, so
just sort of as a quick kinda check,
your page should look kinda like this.
You should have really big pictures, and
then you should have like the title with
the, a bulleted list of skills underneath.
So CSS projects, advanced CSS layouts and
the bootcamp with HTML,
CSS and JavaScript underneath.
Okay, the other items that
are down here at the bottom,
don't worry about those yet.
Those are for the tiny icons at the
bottom, we're gonna code those separately.
But for right now,
let's code these first three.
Okay, so now that we've got our HTML in
place, we're ready to dive into the CSS.
I'm going to fold up all of
my various layers here, and
I'm going to add another layer at layer.
And I'm gonna call this one projects,
cuz that's what this one is.
And then inside of this,
we can start to add all of the various
styles that are gonna be needed
in order to make this work, so
first of all section-projects is where
everything is located here in our HTML.
Remember that this is the section
that we have that's gonna encompass.
Include everything that you see
here in the project section.
And that is going to include,
First of all,
our background color is var black.
So immediately we will
not be able to read this.
Well done everybody.
Then we can add a little
bit of padding to this.
And I've got 6rem 0 4rem 0.
So remember again, TRBL,
remember the clock.
So this is the top is 6rem, 4rem goes on
the bottom, and 0 on the left and right.
And then of course we need
to set our text color
to var white so that we can see again.
All right, so that sets up our big
section here outside of everything.
Now, in terms of these images, for the
most part, they are roughly the same size.
If you are lucky enough to work
with images that are the same size,
that's really great.
Everything will line up
beautifully if you are not so
lucky to work with images
that are the same size.
One of the brand new tricks
that we can do with images
inside of our CSS is to use the object.
It property that is going to make
these images ultimately the same size.
When they appear inside of our grid,
they may look a little bit off until
we start to apply that styling.
But for now,
just you'll have to trust my process here.
So we're going to start with figure img,
so for
the images that are inside of figures,
what we wanna do is we're
going to say object-fit:cover.
This is the same kinda concept that
we saw with the background image,
although the property is
slightly different there for
background images than it is for
regular images on the page like these.
The other thing we need
to do is add the width
of 100% and a height of 100%.
Okay, and
let's see if these look a little bit off.
I don't think they're
obviously off at this point.
But it's really hard to tell.
And ultimately these aren't really
the size that we're going to be looking
at anyway, so you'll just have to
trust me that as we continue to work
through this particular problem,
this is going to help make our images
sort of uniform kind of sizes.
Okay, then we can add to this
some styling for our figure cap.
So let me scroll down here a little bit so
you can see our figure captions.
And I'm gonna say figure a.
We'll make the color white.
And we can say text-decoration none.
Because we don't want any underlines, so
you should now have just words there,
okay?
And if I wanted to make these words green,
how would I set this up?
What would be my selector?
Figure a:hover, yeah.
There we go and then I would say, I wanted
to make it green, what would I say next?
>> Var (--green).
Awesome, so if we scroll on down here,
we should have my screen text.
Okay, great.
Now, that I've got sort of
that basic stuff in place,
let's style the actual
figure caption itself.
So I can just say,
big caption, the HTML element,
and I can say the background
color will be var black.
Obviously, that's not really gonna show
too well here on the screen at the moment,
you'll just have to trust me that
that background became black,
I'm going to set the opacity to 0.8.
Remember that we have a sliding scale for
opacity, 1 is completely,
the color is completely opaque, 0 is it's
completely transparent, so 0.8 means
it's gonna be pretty heavy but you can
see some stuff through it, all right?
And then text align center.
So we'll align all of
our text in the center.
There we go.
Okay, and then we can stay with the rest
of the text that's here inside of our
figure caption.
We can say our fig caption h3,
we wanted to I turn off
the margin on the bottom,
so margin-bottom of 0.
And then for our figcaption ul.
I need to get rid of the bullets,
and I need to get rid of the space.
Does anybody remember how to do that?
How could I get rid of the bullets?
And the space that's pushing it over.
What do I put in here for that?
>> Something decorate,
I'm gonna turn that off.
>> So which?
>> It's like turning off like
the decorate or decorate none.
>> Yeah, close, very, very close.
It is a list style type none,
that'll turn off the bullets and
then padding: 0 margin: 0.
And as soon as I do that, you'll see here
that we have projects we have HTML and
CSS and see how little space we
have between CSS and the next item?
So we actually probably really
don't want zero on this margin.
We want zero in most places.
We want zero on the top,
zero on the right, but
maybe we want like two rem on
the bottom and zero on the left.
That's better,
now we have a little bit of space there.
This HTML and CSS may not technically be
all that obvious looking at these, but
that is the monofont family
that we have the Fierra Mano.
And so
that is the font we need to use there,
so let's add that font-family is what?
Var, yeah, mono.
So that will make our HTML CSS look good.
Just in case, like later, especially
where I've got my bootcamp down here and
I have the full word Javascript, I'd
actually like everything to be uppercase.
So let's do a text-transform: uppercase.
Obviously, that doesn't affect most
of these things, HTML, CSS, but
it will help with the word JavaScript.
And then finally,
my font-size can be var(--small),
which we created a little bit earlier.
Okay, so we are almost All the way there,
the last thing we need to do is put HTML,
CSS, and
Javascript all on the same line, yeah.
There are many ways that we could do this.
Once again, we could use Flexbox or
we could use CSS grid, but
there's actually a really simple
way of doing it where we always
just wanna have these things side by side,
and that is if we add
the style figcaption li and
we just say display: inline-block.
And that will in fact put these things
on the same line just like that.